---
layout: post
category: [praktischen]
title: Talisker Skye
date: 2025-12-01 23:51:26
tags: [whisky]
math: true
---

說是，這幾年其實開始流行不標年份的酒，主打一個調配。

skye個人覺得其實雪莉回味挺重的，海鹽調配下的泥煤，泥煤其實不是很重。

> Nose--As soon as you hold the glass to your nose, you immediately realise: Yes, this is Talisker! But a somewhat younger representative. Instead of deep, heavy smoke, you get a gentle peaty note that is more reminiscent of a distant campfire on the beach. This is joined by white pepper, classic bourbon cask notes such as vanilla, caramel and toffee as well as an interesting salty sea breeze. A slight seaweed note resonates, and on top of that there is a pinch of BBQ peanuts and a hint of honey. All in all, a round but somewhat lighter nose that makes you want to take your first sip.
> 
> Taste--The first sip makes it clear that Talisker Skye is going its own way. Surprisingly, a clear peach note appears first, which is almost tropical. Then comes a slightly bitter spiciness, which is accompanied by oak and a salty, maritime freshness. The mouthfeel is quite creamy, which makes the whisky pleasantly smooth. Spicy accents of rye bread and a slight sharpness provide a nice counterbalance to the fruity sweetness.
> 
> Finish--This shows that the Talisker Skye is younger than its 10-year-old brother. The finish is rather short, but still remains interesting. A mineral note, paired with the typical Talisker salinity, dominates the finish. A hint of mealy apple rounds off the whole thing before the flavours quickly fade away.



--------




